chore: Update new SumoLogic Docs (#5689)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/insights-partnerships.md

### Sumo Logic integration
{: #sumo-logic-integration }

The CircleCI app for Sumo Logic provides advanced views to track the performance and health of your continuous integration and deployment pipelines.

#### The CircleCI dashboard for Sumo Logic
{: #the-circleci-dashboard-for-sumo-logic }

Use this dashboard to:

>   - Monitor real-time CI performance, activity, and health or track over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Monitor real-time CI performance, activity, and health, or track over time.
```

>   - Identify opportunities of optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Identify opportunities for optimization.
```

![header]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/Sumologic_Demo.png)

> Gain insights into your pipelines with the included dashboard panels. Filter each panel per specific projects or job, over any period of time. Available dashboard panels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gain insights into your pipelines with the included dashboard panels. Filter each panel for specific projects or jobs, over any period of time. Available dashboard panels include:
```

  - Total Jobs Ran
  - Job Health (% success)
  - Summary
  - Jobs Ran Per Project
  - Daily Performance
  - Jobs Per Day
  - 5 Most Recent Failed Jobs
  - 5 Most Recent Failed Workflows
  - Top 10 Longest Workflows (Averaged)
  - Top 10 Longest Running Jobs
  - Average Job Runtime Per Day

Install the CircleCI dashboard by using the App Catalog from the dashboard home page.

![header]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/sumologic_app_catalog.png)

This dashboard receives data through the CircleCI Sumo Logic orb which must be included in your projects to be tracked.

> ## Setup SumoLogic Metrics using CircleCI Webhooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up Sumo Logic metrics using CircleCI webhooks
```

> {: #setup-sumologic-metrics-using-circleci-webhooks }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{: #set-up-sumo-logic-metrics-using-circleci-webhooks }
```

> To begin collecting and visualizing data with SumoLogic, first configure CircleCI webhooks to send metrics data to SumoLogic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin collecting and visualizing data with Sumo Logic, first configure CircleCI webhooks to send metrics data to Sumo Logic.
```

### Configure Webhooks
{: #configure-webhooks }
#### **Step 1. Configure Hosted Collector**
{: #step-1-configure-hosted-collector }

Follow the Sumo Logic documentation for [Configuring a Hosted Collector](https://help.sumologic.com/03Send-Data/Hosted-Collectors/Configure-a-Hosted-Collector).

#### **Step 2. Add an HTTP Source**
{: #step-2-add-an-http-source }

> To get the URL where the CircleCI Webhooks will be sent to, and then record to the collector, we must [add an HTTP Source](https://help.sumologic.com/03Send-Data/Sources/02Sources-for-Hosted-Collectors/HTTP-Source).

Author: it should say "recorded" committing that for now with some other changes, let me know if that makes it any clearer.

Webhooks are sent to a URL and then the data is recorded by Sumo Logic in the "collector"

> To get the URL where the CircleCI Webhooks will be sent to, and then recorded to the collector, we must [add an HTTP Source](https://help.sumologic.com/03Send-Data/Sources/02Sources-for-Hosted-Collectors/HTTP-Source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the URL where the CircleCI Webhooks will be sent, and then recorded to the collector, we must [add an HTTP Source](https://help.sumologic.com/03Send-Data/Sources/02Sources-for-Hosted-Collectors/HTTP-Source).
```

When complete, copy the generated “HTTP Source Address”. You can always get this link from Sumo Logic again in the future.

#### **Step 3. Configure Project Webhooks**
{: #step-3-configure-project-webhooks }

For each project on CircleCI you wish to track, configure a webhook directed at the HTTP Source Address.
Follow the [CircleCI docs for configuring webhooks]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/webhooks/#setting-up-a-hook).

When configuring the webooks, ensure to include both the “workflow-completed”, and “job-completed” events.

## Install the CircleCI App for Sumo Logic
{: #install-the-circleci-app-for-sumo-logic }

Now that you have set up collection, install the Sumo Logic App for CircleCI to use the preconfigured searches and Dashboards that provide insight into your CI Pipeline.
To install the app:

> Locate and install the app you need from the App Catalog. If you want to see a preview of the dashboards included with the app before installing, click **Preview Dashboards**.

Author: Thank you. Much of this came from a template with sections that were replaced but I guess not everywhere.

> Locate and install the CircleCI app from the App Catalog. If you want to see a preview of the dashboards included with the app before installing, click **Preview Dashboards**.

Reviewer: I think this can all just be part of "step one" below?

1. From the App Catalog, search for and select the app.

> 2. Select the version of the service you're using and click Add to Library. Version selection is applicable only to a few apps currently. For more information, see the [Install the Apps from the Library](https://help.sumologic.com/05Search/Library/Apps-in-Sumo-Logic/Install-Apps-from-the-Library).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Select the version of the service you're using and click Add to Library. Version selection is applicable only to a few apps currently. For more information, see the [Install the Apps from the Library](https://help.sumologic.com/05Search/Library/Apps-in-Sumo-Logic/Install-Apps-from-the-Library) document.
```

Nit: I feel like the name of the linked to article doesn't quite mesh with the sentence. Your call.

3. To install the app, complete the following fields.
  - App Name. You can retain the existing name, or enter a name of your choice for the app.
  - Data Source. Select either of these options for the data source.
    - Choose Source Category, and select a source category from the list.

>     - Choose Enter a Custom Data Filter, and enter a custom source category beginning with an underscore. Example: (_sourceCategory=MyCategory).

Reviewer 2: Maybe "(_sourceCategory=MyCategory)." should be back ticked: `(_sourceCategory=MyCategory).` ?

  - Advanced. Select the Location in Library (the default is the Personal folder in the Library), or click **New Folder** to add a new folder.

> 4. Click **Add to Library**.

Author: @rosieyohannan Does this look wrong to you? Can we maybe not have two levels of indent for lists?

> 4. Click **Add to Library**.

Reviewer: It looks fine when I build it locally :-)

> 4. Click **Add to Library**.

Author: We shall see if we can ignore it..
